# Duck

Cotton.canvas is the element to easily wrap the canvas.
Cotton puts this under an easy to use API.
Duck is a object framework for drawing built right on top of Cotton.

Duck helps design for developers. Complex logic and correct setup of a scalable
API has been geared towards the developer.

Rather than using the 'context' and performing the long, continuious draw() routine,
we have divided logic. Giving the ability to push around numbers, allowing the
graphics to run independantly.

This also means lots of other fantasic features:

+ Really, really fast
+ vanilla javascript to run anywhere
+ A very thin construct
+ Ready to use objects
+ Drawing the right way by default.

## Usage

Let's put a basic point on the screen.

    var point = function(o){
        var np = new o.NullPoint(10,10)
        var p = new o.Point(np)
        this.children.push(p)
    }
    var ready = function(){
        var canvas = new cotton.duck.objects.Surface('main')
        canvas.load(['NullPoint', 'Point'], point)
    };
    cotton.ready(ready)

We can edit our point `p` and move it around:

    p.point.x= 40;

---

Duck *slightly* flips drawing on its head. With `Cotton.canvas` You have:

    cotton.canvas.draw('main', function(context) {
        // stuff
    })

Super easy! But duck goes beyond the simple draw routine. Essentially - this is hijacked, and a lot is autogenerated when using `Duck` objects.

Lets do a duck demo for setting up drawing. Lets start with a basic layer to implement:

    var dc = cotton.duck.objects.Canvas.setup('main')

the Duck Canvas or `dc` is a running canvas wrapper. It our base point and will be the base of our canvas work. The `dc` has useful features. The duck canvas is already running when made. you can change it's settings:

    dc.stop()
    dc.start()
    cd.canvas()
    // <canvas id='main'>
    dc.fps = 30

